<h2>TripTop Itinerary Management Website</h2>
<p>This website is a travel advisory website with the goal to help users create itineraries with ease and share itineraries with others. 
On the homepage, users can login into our website using their Google account.  They would then be able to view saved itineraries and view their posts on the forum.  Logging in also gives users access to the forum.  Users can start building their itinerary by picking a flight, or can skip that and start building their itinerary without choosing a flight by click on “Start building your itinerary!” </p>
<p>On the itinerary builder page, if users choose a flight, the flight information would be displayed, and if not, they can fill in the information. </p> <p>Our itinerary builder page is built to give users as much freedom as possible to create travel itineraries.  Notice the page is divided into two.  On the top right corner of the “My Itinerary” section, there is a black button that allows a sidebar to appear which shows our Top 5 Database.  Users can choose events from the Top 5 Database to add to the travel itinerary. </p>
<p>On the user profile page, users can view saved itineraries and view forum posts.</p>
<p>On the forum page, users can post new post and search posts by either country or category.</p>
<p>There are some functionalities that are missing on the itinerary builder page and the forum.  We are working to fix those and have them available for users as soon as possible.
Users can provide feedback/suggestions on the website and its functionalities.  Any feedback/suggestions would be greatly appreciated and will be taken into consideration as we further improve our website.</p>
